Controlling Bean Selections
    @Primary - to set one bean as primary when we have multiple beans
    @Qualifier - specifying a specific bean


Externalizing configurations (application.properties):
    This part explains how to get the value from application.properties
    in order to access any parameter from the application.properties we need to use
    the @Value("${parameterName}") annotation.

    #   we can also set a default value to a parameter even if they are not declare on
        the application.properties

            @Value("${stripe.timeout:3000}")
            private Double timeOut;

        Here if there is no such property declared as stripe.timeout; the system will work
        with the default one. But if there is one, spring boot will overwrite that onw
        with the default one.

Externalizing configurations (application.yaml):
    both .yaml and .properties are configuration files and both can exist individually. But
    it's better to follow only one configuration file so I am deleting application.properties file


Lazy initialization:
    @Lazy - to delay the initialization of a bean until it is needed.
    This is useful for improving startup time and reducing memory consumption.
    By default, Spring initializes all singleton beans at startup. However, by using
    the @Lazy annotation, you can specify that a bean should be created only when it is
    first requested. If we want to create bean from the using code like AppConfig class
    we can use @Lazy annotation on the method that creates the bean.


Bean Scopes:
    It determines the lifecycle and visibility of a bean in the Spring container.
    The most common scopes are:
    Singleton - only one instance of the bean is created and shared across the application.
    Prototype - a new instance of the bean is created each time it is requested.
    Request - a new instance of the bean is created for each HTTP request (web applications).
    Session - a new instance of the bean is created for each HTTP session (web applications).
    Application - a single instance of the bean is created for the lifecycle of a ServletContext
    (web applications).
